NOTES.md, before:

## Documentation

The latest CMSIS documentation is available from
[keil.com](http://www.keil.com/cmsis).

## Original files

The original files are available from the `originals` branch.

These files were extracted from `CMSIS-SP-00300-r4p5-00rel0.zip`.

To save space, the following folders/files were removed:

* all non-portable *.exe files
* CMSIS/DAP
* CMSIS/Documentation
* CMSIS/Driver/DriverTemplates
* CMSIS/index.html
* CMSIS/DSP_Lib
* CMSIS/Lib
* CMSIS/Pack
* CMSIS/RTOS/RTX/LIB
* CMSIS/RTOS/RTX/Tutorial
* Device/\_Template\_Flash
* Device/\_Template\_Vendor
* Device/ARM/Documents
* Device/ARM/Flash

## Changes

* the `core_cm*.h` files were edited and pragmas were added to silence warnings:

```
#ifndef __CORE_CM4_H_GENERIC
#define __CORE_CM4_H_GENERIC

// [ILG]
#if defined ( __GNUC__ )
#pragma GCC diagnostic push
#pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wsign-conversion"
#pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wconversion"
#pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wunused-parameter"
#endif

...

// [ILG]
#if defined ( __GNUC__ )
#pragma GCC diagnostic pop
#endif

#endif /* __CMSIS_GENERIC */

```

## Tests

Compile only, `arm-none-eabi`, with most warnings enabled:

* each CORE header is compiled with both C and C++, for the proper core (M0, M0+, M3, M4, M7);
* all driver headers are compiled with both C and C++, for M0 and M4.

Commit message:

4.5.0-4 with reference to RTX and more notes

NOTES.md, after:

## Documentation

To save space, this package does not contain documentation files. The latest CMSIS documentation is available from [keil.com](http://www.keil.com/cmsis).

## SVD schemas

Although not required by the builds, the SVD schema files are available from the `CMSIS/Utilities` folder.

## ARM devices

Also for informative purposes, the support code (headers, startup, linker script, SVD, etc) for the ARM specific devices (ARMCM0, ARMCM0plus, ARMCM3, ARMCM4, ARMCM7, ARMCSC000, ARMCSC300) is available in the `Device/ARM` folder.

## Original files

The ARM original files are kept in the repository `originals` branch, updated with each new release, and merged into the `xpack` branch (three-way merge).

The current files were extracted from the `CMSIS-SP-00300-r4p5-00rel0.zip` archive.

To save space, the following folders/files were removed:

* all non-portable *.exe files
* CMSIS/DAP
* CMSIS/Documentation
* CMSIS/Driver/DriverTemplates
* CMSIS/index.html
* CMSIS/DSP_Lib
* CMSIS/Lib
* CMSIS/Pack
* CMSIS/RTOS/RTX/LIB
* CMSIS/RTOS/RTX/Tutorial
* Device/\_Template\_Flash
* Device/\_Template\_Vendor
* Device/ARM/Documents
* Device/ARM/Flash

## Changes

The actual files used by this package are in the repository `xpack` branch.

Most of the files should be unchanged, with the following exceptions:

* the `core_cm*.h` files were edited and pragmas were added to silence warnings:

```
#ifndef __CORE_CM4_H_GENERIC
#define __CORE_CM4_H_GENERIC

// [ILG]
#if defined ( __GNUC__ )
#pragma GCC diagnostic push
#pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wsign-conversion"
#pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wconversion"
#pragma GCC diagnostic ignored "-Wunused-parameter"
#endif

...

// [ILG]
#if defined ( __GNUC__ )
#pragma GCC diagnostic pop
#endif

#endif /* __CMSIS_GENERIC */

```

## Tests

Compile only, `arm-none-eabi`, with most warnings enabled:

* each CORE header is compiled with both C and C++, for the proper core (M0, M0+, M3, M4, M7);
* all driver headers are compiled with both C and C++, for M0 and M4.
